Docs: updating Kafka input format docs (#14049)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/data-formats.md

It should only be used when ingesting from Apache Kafka. 

Configure the Kafka `inputFormat` as follows:

| Field | Type | Description | Required |
|-------|------|-------------|----------|
| `type` | String | Set value to `kafka`. | yes |
| `valueFormat` | [InputFormat](#input-format) | Any [InputFormat](#input-format) to parse the Kafka value payload. For details about specifying the input format, see [Specifying data format](../development/extensions-core/kafka-supervisor-reference.md#specifying-data-format). | yes |
| `timestampColumnName` | String | Name of the column for the kafka record's timestamp.| no (default = "kafka.timestamp") |
| `headerColumnPrefix` | String | Custom prefix for all the header columns. | no (default = "kafka.header.") |
| `headerFormat` | Object | `headerFormat` specifies how to parse the Kafka headers. Supports String types. Because Kafka header values are bytes, the parser decodes them as UTF-8 encoded strings. To change this behavior, implement your own parser based on the encoding style. Change the 'encoding' type in `KafkaStringHeaderFormat` to match your custom implementation. | no |

> | `keyFormat` | [InputFormat](#input-format) | Any [InputFormat](#input-format) to parse the Kafka key. It only processes the first entry of the input format. For details, see [Specifying data format](../development/extensions-core/kafka-supervisor-reference.md#specifying-data-format). | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `keyFormat` | [InputFormat](#input-format) | Any [input format](#input-format) to parse the Kafka key. It only processes the first entry of the `inputFormat` field. For details, see [Specifying data format](../development/extensions-core/kafka-supervisor-reference.md#specifying-data-format). | no |
```

| `keyColumnName` | String | Name of the column for the kafka record's key.| no (default = "kafka.key") |

> The Kafka input format augments the payload with information form the Kafka timestamp, headers, and key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka input format augments the payload with information from the Kafka timestamp, headers, and key.
```

> The Kafka input format augments the payload with information form the Kafka timestamp, headers, and key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka input format augments the payload with information from the Kafka timestamp, headers, and key.
```

> If there are conflicts between column names in the payload and those created from the metadata the payload takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are conflicts between column names in the payload and those created from the metadata, the payload takes precedence.
```

> This is done to ensure that upgrading a Kafka ingestion to use the Kafka input format (by taking its existing input format and setting it as the `valueFormat` in the kafka format) can be done without losing any of the payload data.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that upgrading a Kafka ingestion to use the Kafka input format (by taking its existing input format and setting it as the `valueFormat`) can be done without losing any of the payload data.  
```

Here is a minimal example that only augments the parsed payload with the Kafka timestamp column:

```
"ioConfig": {
  "inputFormat": {
    "type": "kafka",
    "valueFormat": {
      "type": "json"
    }
  },
  ...
}
```

Here is a complete example:

```
"ioConfig": {
  "inputFormat": {
    "type": "kafka",
    "valueFormat": {
      "type": "json"
    }
    "timestampColumnName": "kafka.timestamp",
    "headerFormat": {
      "type": "string",
      "encoding": "UTF-8"
    },
    "headerColumnPrefix": "kafka.header.",
    "keyFormat": {
      "type": "tsv",
      "findColumnsFromHeader": false,
      "columns": ["x"]
    },
    "keyColumnName": "kafka.key",
  },
  ...
}
```

> Note that if you want to use the `kafka.timestamp` as Druid's primary timestamp (`__time`) you would need to refer to it as the `column` in the `timestampSpec`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use `kafka.timestamp` as Druid's primary timestamp (`__time`), specify it as the value for `column` in the `timestampSpec`:
```
